Rename CFT to MPT (#159)
XRPLF/XRPL-Standards: XLS-0033d-multi-purpose-tokens/README.md

### 2.1.9. Why can't MPToken Issuers also hold their own balances of MPT in a MPToken object?

See the question above. This design also helps enforce a security best practice where an issuing account should not also be used as an issuer's transactional account. Instead, any issuer should use a different XRPL account for non-issuance activity of their MPTs.

### 2.1.10. Why not use the `DepositPreauth` transaction for Authorized MPT Functionality?

For MPTokenIssuances that have the `lsfMPTRequireAuth` flag set, it is envisioned that a [DepositPreauth](https://xrpl.org/depositpreauth.html) transaction could be used with minor adaptations to distinguish between pre-authorized trust lines and pre-authorized MPTs. Alternatively, we might consider `deposit_preauth` objects might apply to both, under the assumption that a single issuer restricting trust lines will want to make the same restrictions around MPTs emanating from the same issuer account.

That said, this design is still TBD.

### 2.1.11. Why was the name Compact Fungible Token renamed to Multi-Purpose Token?

> The initial name, "Compact Fungible Token", did not effectively convey the flexibility and versatility of this token standard. Therefore, we introduced a new name, "Multi-Purpose Token", to better reflect its capacity to accommodate user customization, catering towards fungible, semi-fungible, and non-fungible token use cases. This renaming aims to highlight the extensive capabilities inherent in this token standard.

Author: MPT can be used to mimic a NFT, by setting the MaximumAmount of the issuance to be 1.

As for semi fungible cases. @kennyzlei  do you have any suggestions?

> The initial name, "Compact Fungible Token", did not effectively convey the flexibility and versatility of this token standard. Therefore, we introduced a new name, "Multi-Purpose Token", to better reflect its capacity to accommodate user customization, catering towards fungible, semi-fungible, and non-fungible token use cases. This renaming aims to highlight the extensive capabilities inherent in this token standard.

Reviewer: I think there are various ways to interpret what a semi-fungible token is.  I think this article describes the sem-fungible use cases that are relevant for MPTs https://medium.com/0xsequence/introduction-to-semi-fungible-tokens-sfts-9275bbee4498#:~:text=1155%20standard.-,SFTs,-SFTs%20are%20a  If you think about how some issuers are issuing multiple copies of the same NFT and not really following the non-fungible concept, this MPT with multiple copies captures this use case more accurately

That said, this design is still TBD.

### 2.1.12. Why was the name Compact Fungible Token renamed to Multi-Purpose Token?

> The initial name, "Compact Fungible Token", did not effectively convey the flexibility and versatility of this token standard. Therefore, we introduced a new name, "Multi-Purpose Token", to better reflect its capacity to accommodate user customization, allowing for the creation of both fungible and non-fungible tokens. This renaming aims to highlight the extensive capabilities inherent in this token standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial name, "Compact Fungible Token", did not effectively convey the flexibility and versatility of this token standard. Therefore, we introduced a new name, "Multi-Purpose Token", to better reflect its capacity to accommodate user customization, catering towards fungible, semi-fungible, and non-fungible token use cases. This renaming aims to highlight the extensive capabilities inherent in this token standard.
```
